Can we talk about Haven or more?
He had come to our house.
We had a house in Riverdale, in the Bronx.
You met your wife here, by the way.
You met your wife here in the state?
Yes, we met in college.
He wanted to see the houses.
Can I see your house?
I said, sure.
So I took him to the attic.
And in the attic, which was
I mean, it wasn't finished or anything, it was just the... I had put on a chimney, I think, on the chimney, the PhD degree, you know, hidden away.
So he sees it and he says, oh, Universitas Harvardiana.
Oh, I went beyond Harvard.
Now, as soon as he said that, I took a tremendous dislike to him because it's a silly statement.
How do you go beyond Harvard?
Yeah, even if you did, what's the point of saying that?
You know, I mean... It's insulting.
It's not only something, it's... it reflects... It's putting you down.
No, no, no, I didn't take it personally.
I had no... But he meant to say that he has surpassed you.
Yeah, but that didn't bother me, you know.
What bothered me is that anybody can make a statement like this, oh, I went beyond Einstein, or... I mean, it's a... it's a... egotistical, it's... No, I reflected on him.
I didn't care about me.
So I said, what do you mean?
He says, well, I have three doctorates.
And that's when I said, oh, in what fields?
Naively, you know.
I said, well, I have a doctorate in classics, physics, and a third one I don't remember.
But I remember he said, classics, because that right away, you know, I mean, I had.
So I said, oh.
And he said, and I know 20 languages right after.
I said, oh, which ones do you know?
You know, I wanted to know.
Oh, well.
Which ones do you know?
And that told me right away that he didn't know any, because he wanted to see which ones I knew.
So whatever I would tell him, that those are... So I said, well, of course, since I know Greek and Latin.
So he says, oh, I never studied those.
And it was just impossible.
And at that point, I decided to drop the conversation, and I realized the guy was full of it.
Yeah.
But when he said, I went beyond Harvard, who says something like this?
But I remember you're saying this because of your own experience with learning and education, and how seriously you did it.
The fact that he was making these claims, it wasn't just idle talk.
If I'd known that all you have to do to get a PhD is say you have one, that would have been so easy.
I can say I have five PhDs, why not?
I mean, it's no big deal to have a PhD, but... Well, for me it was a very big deal, because I came from absolutely nothing.
Well, I had something to prove to myself, and that's why it was a big deal to me.
Anyway, you know what?
I'm going to use the facility here.